[docs] Add Google style guide for Vale and fix errors and warnings (#2110)
jump-dev/MathOptInterface.jl: docs/src/changelog.md

- Add test for empty rows in vector linear constraint.
- Rework errors: `CannotError` has been renamed `NotAllowedError` and
  the distinction between `UnsupportedError` and `NotAllowedError` is now

>   about whether the element is not supported (that is, it cannot be copied a

Author: ```suggestion
  about whether the element is not supported (for example, it cannot be copied a
```
